Added hop node information and beefed up exec nodes section. (#14787)
ansible/awx: docs/docsite/rst/administration/instances.rst

.. _ag_instances:

Managing Capacity With Instances
=================================

.. index::
   pair: topology;capacity
   pair: mesh;capacity
   pair: remove;capacity
   pair: add;capacity

Scaling your mesh is only available on Openshift and Kubernetes (K8S) deployments of AWX and is possible through adding or removing nodes from your cluster dynamically, through the **Instances** resource of the AWX User Interface, without running the installation script.

Instances serve as nodes in your mesh topology. Automation mesh allows you to extend the footprint of your automation. Where you launch a job and where the ``ansible-playbook`` runs can be in different locations.

.. image:: ../common/images/instances_mesh_concept.png
	:alt: Site A pointing to Site B and dotted arrows to two hosts from Site B 

Automation mesh is useful for:

- traversing difficult network topologies

> - bringing execution capabilities (the machine running ``ansible-playbook``) closer to you target hosts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- bringing execution capabilities (the machine running ``ansible-playbook``) closer to your target hosts
```

Author: Good catch!

The nodes (control, hop, and execution instances) are interconnected via receptor, forming a virtual mesh.

.. image:: ../common/images/instances_mesh_concept_with_nodes.png
	:alt: Control node pointing to hop node, which is pointing to two execution nodes.  

Prerequisites
--------------

> - |rhel| (RHEL) operating system. Bring a machine online with a compatible Red Hat family OS (e.g. RHEL 8 and 9). This machines require a static IP, or a resolvable DNS hostname that the AWX cluster can access. If the ``listener_port`` is defined, the machine will also need an available open port on which to establish inbound TCP connections (e.g. 27199).

Reviewer: We can mention that Debian 11 is also supported.

  In general, the more CPU cores and memory the machine has, the more jobs that can be scheduled to run on that machine at once. See :ref:`ug_job_concurrency` for more information on capacity.

> - The system that is going to run the ``ansible-playbook`` requires the collection ``ansible.receptor`` to be installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The system that is going to run the install bundle to setup the remote node requires the collection ``ansible.receptor`` to be installed:
```

- To manage instances from the AWX user interface, you must have System Administrator or System Auditor permissions.

> Using a custom Receptor CA

Reviewer: Might be better to move this section lower, since it is optional. Maybe before or after the troubleshooting section

	The proceeding steps 4-8 are intended to be ran from any computer that has SSH access to the newly created instance. 

4. Click the download button next to the **Install Bundle** field to download the tarball that contain files to allow AWX to make proper TCP connections to the remote machine.

::

> 	ansible-galaxy collection install -r requirements.yml

Reviewer: we can drop this line, as we mention it below
